Add documentation about breaking changes in Luigi 1.9.0 due to FD Sty… (#1857)
SAP/luigi: docs/versions.md

With Luigi v1.4.0, the new v0.11.0 of Fundamental Library Styles were included. As a result, there were breaking changes to the Luigi Alerts. The classes `fd-overlay fd-overlay--message-strip` were removed from Fundamental Library Styles and we added a new class `luigi-alert--overlay` to keep the same look and feel as in the past. You can see all breaking changes of Fundamental Library Styles [here](https://github.com/SAP/fundamental-styles/wiki/Breaking-Changes#0110).

> With Luigi v1.9.0, the new v0.14.0 of Fundamental Library Styles were included. Its pervious v0.12.0 led to having breaking changes in the Luigi left side navigation and the shellbar. All icons vere moved out from pseudo-classes into a dedicated tag `<i class="sap-icon sap-icon--{modifier}"></i>` under the button. You can see all breaking changes of Fundamental Library Styles v0.12.0 [here](https://github.com/SAP/fundamental-styles/releases?after=v0.12.1-rc.7).

Reviewer: `All icons vere moved` => `All icons **were** moved`

> With Luigi v1.9.0, the new v0.14.0 of Fundamental Library Styles were included. Its pervious v0.12.0 led to having breaking changes in the Luigi left side navigation and the shellbar. All icons vere moved out from pseudo-classes into a dedicated tag `<i class="sap-icon sap-icon--{modifier}"></i>` under the button. You can see all breaking changes of Fundamental Library Styles v0.12.0 [here](https://github.com/SAP/fundamental-styles/releases?after=v0.12.1-rc.7).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Luigi v1.9.0, the new v0.14.0 of Fundamental Library Styles were included. Its previous v0.12.0 led to having breaking changes in the Luigi left side navigation and the shellbar. All icons were moved out from pseudo-classes into a dedicated tag `<i class="sap-icon sap-icon--{modifier}"></i>` under the button. You can see all breaking changes of Fundamental Library Styles v0.12.0 [here](https://github.com/SAP/fundamental-styles/releases?after=v0.12.1-rc.7).
```
